
 Well this was sort of written to be compatible with EW, but life isn't
isn't perfect and there are more than a couple of differences.
 This list probably isn't complete.

 Commands that got lost
 ----------------------

 sneeze - replaced with drag and "auth_player net"
 splat - replaced with drag and "auth_player net"
 banish - replaced with "auth_player name"
 edit banish (or edban or whatever)
 validate_email - not needed, they jsut don't set one.

 tlist - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 slist - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 rlist - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 invites - The implementation isn't as easy, indeed friendof and
            grabable aren't quite correct anymore. Although this could be 
            fixed.
 vlist - not implemented.
 rm_list - never worked, so removed it.

 noisy - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 quiet - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 earmuffs - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 blocktells - couldn't work as it did before, so left it out.
 
 lists are very different, at present there are 5 player lists (coms,
games, self, tmp coms and tmp self) and 2 room lists (local and global).
 There are also channel lists.

 So list and clist are different. The new all purpose command
list_change replaces rlist/slist/tlist.

 Also doing things like...

 inform everyone

 Doesn't put inform on for all the people on the program, indeed...

 bar nevyn

 Doesn't necessarly bar nevyn from all of your rooms.

 Missing functionality
 ---------------------

 pipes - they never really worked well anyway and generic_social 
and socials in general solve the problem better ... even if it's not
as easy to use dynamically.

 frog - it's now replaced with mask_coms which is available to all
residents.

 grab - doing grab <person> as an admin doesn't def. grab them. You have to
use force_grab to def. grab them.

 inform/friend etc. doesn't "inform" the other person that you've
added/removed them

 The sys_rooms files that make system rooms on boot no longer
exist. It is now done using the <room system_create> and <room main>
commands and they act more or less like other rooms.

 If you delete the logs/error.log file then you'll have to run the
command "log_reopen_error" or you won't get error logs until it
reboots. This is because quite a few errors will stop the talker from
opening files ... which means you'll never find out why something went 
wrong.
